README.md, before:

# BIMData Platform, next generation

This repository host the BIMData Platform project.
The Platform is a Vue 3.x application created with [Vue CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/).

## Pre-requisites

You need:

- Node v14+
- Vue 3.x
- [see platform-back for backend requirements](https://github.com/bimdata/platform-back)

## Install & Run

### Backend setup

In order for the platform to work properly it should be able to interact with its backend service.
The [platform-back](https://github.com/bimdata/platform-back) repository host the source code of the service.

The backend is a python app built with [Django REST framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/).<br/>
You should refer to the README to set it up on your development environment before moving to the application setup.

### Application setup

Here are the instructions to get the platform up and running on your development environment:

- **(1)** Get the sources

```
$ git clone git@github.com:bimdata/platform-next.git
$ cd platform-next/
```

- **(2)** Install dependencies

```
$ npm install
```

- **(3)** Setup local env

```
$ cp .env.example .env.local
```

Open `.env.local` with your favorite text editor and set the variable `VUE_APP_OIDC_CLIENT_ID`
to one of your client ID.
If you don't know what a _"client ID"_ is then you should have a look at
[the documentation](https://developers.bimdata.io/api/guides/application.html#create-your-application)
and follow the steps to create an application.

- **(4)** Run the platform

```
$ npm run dev
```

- **(5)** Have a coffee and start coding... :coffee: `</>`

## Test

This project comes with a set of end-to-end tests built with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/).

Before you can run the tests you need to set Cypress environment variables.
To do so copy the example env file:

```
$ cp cyress.env.example cypress.env.json
```

Then open it and set variables values as appropriate.

Once you have setup Cypress env vars run the tests using the following command:

```
$ npm run test:e2e
```

This command will start the platform locally on port `3030` and open Cypress.

## Build

The platform can be built for production like environment using the following command:

```
$ npm run build
```

This will create a `dist/` directory that contain the bundled application ready to be deployed.

## Documentation

A work in progress documentation is available [here](https://github.com/bimdata/platform-next/wiki).

## License

The content of this repository is published under the terms of the [GNU LGPL-3.0](./LICENSE).

> You are free to copy, modify, and distribute BIMData Platform under the terms of the LGPL 3.0.<br/>
> See LICENSE for more details.

Commit message:

chore: update README test section

README.md, after:

# BIMData Platform, next generation

This repository host the BIMData Platform project.
The Platform is a Vue 3.x application created with [Vue CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/).

## Pre-requisites

You need:

- Node v14+
- Vue 3.x
- [see platform-back for backend requirements](https://github.com/bimdata/platform-back)

## Install & Run

### Backend setup

In order for the platform to work properly it should be able to interact with its backend service.
The [platform-back](https://github.com/bimdata/platform-back) repository host the source code of the service.

The backend is a python app built with [Django REST framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/).<br/>
You should refer to its [README](https://github.com/bimdata/platform-back) to set it up on your development
environment before moving to the application setup.

### Application setup

Here are the instructions to get the platform up and running on your development environment:

- **(1)** Get the sources

```
$ git clone git@github.com:bimdata/platform-next.git
$ cd platform-next/
```

- **(2)** Install dependencies

```
$ npm install
```

- **(3)** Setup local env

```
$ cp .env.example .env.local
```

Open `.env.local` with your favorite text editor and set the variable `VUE_APP_OIDC_CLIENT_ID`
to one of your client ID.
If you don't know what a _"client ID"_ is then you should have a look at
[the documentation](https://developers.bimdata.io/api/guides/application.html#create-your-application)
and follow the steps to create an application.

- **(4)** Run the platform

```
$ npm run dev
```

- **(5)** Have a coffee and start coding... :coffee: `</>`

## Test

This project comes with a set of end-to-end tests built with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/).

Before you can run the tests on your machine you need to have a working test environment.

Head up to the **Run Locally** section of the [bimdata-test README](https://github.com/bimdata/bimdata-test#run-locally)
and follow the instructions to setup your test environment.

Then set Cypress environment variables.
To do so copy the example env file:

```
$ cp cyress.env.example cypress.env.json
```

Then open it and set variables values as appropriate.

Finally start and open Cypress using the following command:

```
$ npm run test:e2e
```

## Build

The platform can be built for production like environment using the following command:

```
$ npm run build
```

This will create a `dist/` directory that contain the bundled application ready to be deployed.

## Documentation

A work in progress documentation is available [here](https://github.com/bimdata/platform-next/wiki).

## License

The content of this repository is published under the terms of the [GNU LGPL-3.0](./LICENSE).

> You are free to copy, modify, and distribute BIMData Platform under the terms of the LGPL 3.0.<br/>
> See LICENSE for more details.
